API design: #33758 (OS vulnerabilities bug) (#33533)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

- [List software](#list-software)
- [List software versions](#list-software-versions)

> - [ systems](#list-operating-systems)

Author: ```suggestion
- [List operating systems](#list-operating-systems)
```

| platform            | string   | query | Filters the hosts to the specified platform |
| os_name     | string | query | The name of the operating system to filter hosts by. `os_version` must also be specified with `os_name`                                                 |
| os_version    | string | query | The version of the operating system to filter hosts by. `os_name` must also be specified with `os_version`                                                 |

> | max_vulnerabilities   | integer | query | Limits the number of `vulnerabilities` returned per OS version. (If omitted, returns all vulnerabilities.) |

Author: ### Dev note

New optional parameter. The UI sets this to `3`.

If `0`, `vulnerabilities` list is an empty array.

If <0, returns an error: "max_vulnerabilities must be >= 0"

      "version": "10.0.22621.1234",
      "platform": "windows",
      "generated_cpes": [],

>       "vulnerabilities_count": 1,

Author: ### Dev note

Add count.

The UI uses this number for the vuln counts in the table, and for calculating the "+ ___ more" text in the tooltip
<img width="197" height="125" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44f82fb8-f7c2-497e-94a3-a01b35bea032" />

>       "vulnerabilities": [

Reviewer: i like this

}
```

> 
> `vulnerabilities` lists up to 3 vulnerabilities per OS version. To retrieve an OS version's full list of vulnerabilities, use [Get operating system version](#get-operating-system-version).
> 
> Windows and macOS vulnerabilities are based on OS version-specific data. Linux vulnerabilities are based on kernel vulnerabilities for hosts running the specified OS version. Both active and inactive kernels on a host are accounted for in kernel vulnerability reporting. Other operating systems do not report vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
Windows and macOS listed vulnerabilities are based on OS version-specific data. Linux vulnerabilities are based on kernel vulnerabilities for hosts running the specified OS version. Both active and inactive kernels on a host are accounted for in kernel vulnerability reporting. Other operating systems do not report vulnerabilities.
```
